1. Stuff that was implemented and needs testing:

None

2. Stuff that needs doing:

Create a monitor that will display the current power, gain and such, possibly
also show song change time and ability to dump the data to a file.

Make sure that the sample size is small enough, not larger than 1/100 of a 
second worth of data.

Remember the maximum power level of the song when it stops playing so
that next time we will have the maximum level from the start. However,
even if there is a maximum the plugin should try to find the maximum again
and save the newly found maximum for next time, this is good for
retraining if a song was changed from last time or if the song was not
heard to its full length last time.

Find a way to search the power of songs from the playlist when they
are not played (for example by using a timer and a low priority thread).

Allow the user to set the size of the queue.

Need to keep tab of the multiplier so that clipping will not occur.

From: Deven T. Corzine <deven@ties.org>
Actually, I was having a problem where it would take a long time to change,
then leap to a new volume.  I'm trying to use this to keep music audible
while keeping it from getting too loud at work.  Is there any way to have
it cut the volume *fast* if it's getting over a limit (ignoring a few short
spikes, maybe), and only raise it slowly, but soon?  For example, check
once per second or three, and raise in small increments...

Add tests to the test driver, currently it only tests that the plugin is 
loadable, if it's not loadable linking the test driver will fail.

Possibly add a preprocessing stage that will reduce the dynamic range, this
was asked for in the context of classical music where the dynamic range is wide
and causes also wide changes in the perceived volume inside the song. This is
not handled currently since the plugin adjusts the volume based on the maximum
volume of the song so as to preserve the dynamic range inside the song. 
The way to do it is by using a compressor effect as a preprocessing stage.
It should allow the configuration of the starting power and the rate, exact
definition of how to write a compressor effect should be found.

